README.md, before:

# Youwee

<div align="center">

  [![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-English-blue)](README.md)
  [![Tiếng Việt](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-Tiếng_Việt-red)](docs/README.vi.md)
  [![简体中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-简体中文-green)](docs/README.zh-CN.md)
  [![Vote for next language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vote-Next_Language-orange?logo=github)](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/discussions/18)

  <img src="src-tauri/icons/icon.png" alt="Youwee Logo" width="128" height="128">
  
  **A modern, beautiful YouTube video downloader built with Tauri and React**

  [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/vanloctech/youwee/total?label=Downloads)](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases)
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  [![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-r%2Fyouwee-FF4500?logo=reddit&logoColor=white)](https://www.reddit.com/r/youwee)
  [![Tauri](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tauri-2.0-FFC131?logo=tauri&logoColor=white)](https://tauri.app/)
  [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-19-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white)](https://react.dev/)
</div>

---

## Features

- **Video Downloads** — YouTube, TikTok, Facebook, Instagram, and 1800+ sites
- **Channel Follow** — Follow YouTube, Bilibili & Youku channels, get notified of new videos, auto-download, and manage from system tray
- **Metadata Fetcher** — Download video info, descriptions, comments, and thumbnails without the video
- **Live Stream Support** — Download live streams with dedicated toggle
- **AI Video Summary** — Summarize videos with Gemini, OpenAI, or Ollama
- **AI Video Processing** — Edit videos using natural language (cut, convert, resize, extract audio)
- **Time Range Download (Cut Video)** — Download only the segment you need by setting start/end time
- **Batch & Playlist** — Download multiple videos or entire playlists
- **Audio Extraction** — Extract audio in MP3, M4A, or Opus formats
- **Subtitle Support** — Download or embed subtitles
- **Post-Processing** — Auto-embed metadata, thumbnail, and subtitles (when enabled) into output files
- **SponsorBlock** — Automatically skip sponsors, intros, outros, and self-promotions with remove/mark/custom modes
- **Speed Limit** — Control download bandwidth (KB/s, MB/s, GB/s)
- **Download Library** — Track and manage all your downloads
- **6 Beautiful Themes** — Midnight, Aurora, Sunset, Ocean, Forest, Candy
- **Fast & Lightweight** — Built with Tauri for minimal resource usage

## Screenshots
![Youwee](docs/screenshots/youwee-1.png)

<details>
<summary><strong>More Screenshots</strong></summary>

![Youwee - Library](docs/screenshots/youwee-2.png)
![Youwee - AI Summary](docs/screenshots/youwee-3.png)
![Youwee - Processing](docs/screenshots/youwee-4.png)
![Youwee - Settings](docs/screenshots/youwee-5.png)
![Youwee - Themes](docs/screenshots/youwee-6.png)
![Youwee - About](docs/screenshots/youwee-7.png)
![Youwee - Download](docs/screenshots/youwee-8.png)
![Youwee - Universal](docs/screenshots/youwee-9.png)
![Youwee - Metadata](docs/screenshots/youwee-10.png)
![Youwee - History](docs/screenshots/youwee-11.png)
![Youwee - Channel Follow](docs/screenshots/youwee-12.png)
![Youwee - Channel Polling](docs/screenshots/youwee-13.png)
![Youwee - Queue & Processing](docs/screenshots/youwee-14.png)
![Youwee - Language Vote](docs/screenshots/youwee-15.png)

</details>

## Demo Video

▶️ [Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7TtVZWxilU)


## Installation

### Download for your platform

> ⚠️ **Note**: The app is not signed with an Apple Developer certificate yet. If macOS blocks the app, open terminal and run:
> ```bash
> xattr -cr /Applications/Youwee.app
> ```

| Platform | Download                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Windows** (x64) | [Download .msi](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Windows.msi) · [Download .exe](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Windows-Setup.exe)                                |
| **macOS** (Apple Silicon) | [Download .dmg](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Mac-Apple-Silicon.dmg)                                                                                                                                |
| **macOS** (Intel) | [Download .dmg](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Mac-Intel.dmg)                                                                                                                                        |
| **Linux** (x64) | [Download .deb](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Linux.deb) · [Download .AppImage](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Linux.AppImage) (Recommend for auto update) |

> See all releases on the [Releases page](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases)

### Build from Source

#### Prerequisites

- [Bun](https://bun.sh/) (v1.3.5 or later)
- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) (v1.70 or later)
- [Tauri CLI](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites)

#### Steps

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee.git
cd youwee

# Install dependencies
bun install

# Run in development mode
bun run tauri dev

# Build for production
bun run tauri build
```

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 19, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, shadcn/ui
- **Backend**: Rust, Tauri 2.0
- **Downloader**: yt-dlp (bundled)
- **Build**: Bun, Vite

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on:

- Getting started with development
- Commit conventions
- Pull request guidelines

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp) - The powerful video downloader
- [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) - Multimedia framework for audio/video processing
- [Deno](https://deno.com/) - JavaScript runtime for YouTube extraction
- [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) - Build smaller, faster, and more secure desktop apps
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) - Beautiful UI components
- [Lucide Icons](https://lucide.dev/) - Beautiful open-source icons

## Contact

- **GitHub**: [@vanloctech](https://github.com/vanloctech)
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/issues)

---

## Star History

<picture>
  <source
    media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    srcset="
      https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vanloctech/youwee&type=Date&theme=dark
    "
  />
  <source
    media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)"
    srcset="
      https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vanloctech/youwee&type=Date
    "
  />
  <img
    alt="Star History Chart"
    src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vanloctech/youwee&type=Date"
  />
</picture>

<div align="center">
  Made with ❤️ by VietNam
</div>

Commit message:

feat: update changelogs and README to reflect new Subtitle Workshop features

README.md, after:

# Youwee

<div align="center">

  [![English](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-English-blue)](README.md)
  [![Tiếng Việt](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-Tiếng_Việt-red)](docs/README.vi.md)
  [![简体中文](https://img.shields.io/badge/lang-简体中文-green)](docs/README.zh-CN.md)
  [![Vote for next language](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vote-Next_Language-orange?logo=github)](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/discussions/18)

  <img src="src-tauri/icons/icon.png" alt="Youwee Logo" width="128" height="128">
  
  **A modern, beautiful YouTube video downloader built with Tauri and React**

  [![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/vanloctech/youwee/total?label=Downloads)](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases)
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  [![Reddit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Reddit-r%2Fyouwee-FF4500?logo=reddit&logoColor=white)](https://www.reddit.com/r/youwee)
  [![Tauri](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tauri-2.0-FFC131?logo=tauri&logoColor=white)](https://tauri.app/)
  [![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-19-61DAFB?logo=react&logoColor=white)](https://react.dev/)
</div>

---

## Features

- **Video Downloads** — YouTube, TikTok, Facebook, Instagram, and 1800+ sites
- **Channel Follow** — Follow YouTube, Bilibili & Youku channels, get notified of new videos, auto-download, and manage from system tray
- **Metadata Fetcher** — Download video info, descriptions, comments, and thumbnails without the video
- **Live Stream Support** — Download live streams with dedicated toggle
- **AI Video Summary** — Summarize videos with Gemini, OpenAI, or Ollama
- **AI Video Processing** — Edit videos using natural language (cut, convert, resize, extract audio)
- **Time Range Download (Cut Video)** — Download only the segment you need by setting start/end time
- **Batch & Playlist** — Download multiple videos or entire playlists
- **Audio Extraction** — Extract audio in MP3, M4A, or Opus formats
- **Subtitle Support** — Download or embed subtitles
- **Subtitle Workshop** — Create, edit, and refine subtitles (SRT/VTT/ASS) with timing tools, find/replace, auto-fix, AI Translate, AI Grammar Fix, and Whisper generation
- **Post-Processing** — Auto-embed metadata, thumbnail, and subtitles (when enabled) into output files
- **SponsorBlock** — Automatically skip sponsors, intros, outros, and self-promotions with remove/mark/custom modes
- **Speed Limit** — Control download bandwidth (KB/s, MB/s, GB/s)
- **Download Library** — Track and manage all your downloads
- **6 Beautiful Themes** — Midnight, Aurora, Sunset, Ocean, Forest, Candy
- **Fast & Lightweight** — Built with Tauri for minimal resource usage

## Screenshots
![Youwee](docs/screenshots/youwee-1.png)

<details>
<summary><strong>More Screenshots</strong></summary>

![Youwee - Library](docs/screenshots/youwee-2.png)
![Youwee - AI Summary](docs/screenshots/youwee-3.png)
![Youwee - Processing](docs/screenshots/youwee-4.png)
![Youwee - Settings](docs/screenshots/youwee-5.png)
![Youwee - Themes](docs/screenshots/youwee-6.png)
![Youwee - About](docs/screenshots/youwee-7.png)
![Youwee - Download](docs/screenshots/youwee-8.png)
![Youwee - Universal](docs/screenshots/youwee-9.png)
![Youwee - Metadata](docs/screenshots/youwee-10.png)
![Youwee - History](docs/screenshots/youwee-11.png)
![Youwee - Channel Follow](docs/screenshots/youwee-12.png)
![Youwee - Channel Polling](docs/screenshots/youwee-13.png)
![Youwee - Queue & Processing](docs/screenshots/youwee-14.png)
![Youwee - Language Vote](docs/screenshots/youwee-15.png)

</details>

## Demo Video

▶️ [Watch on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7TtVZWxilU)


## Installation

### Download for your platform

> ⚠️ **Note**: The app is not signed with an Apple Developer certificate yet. If macOS blocks the app, open terminal and run:
> ```bash
> xattr -cr /Applications/Youwee.app
> ```

| Platform | Download                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Windows** (x64) | [Download .msi](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Windows.msi) · [Download .exe](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Windows-Setup.exe)                                |
| **macOS** (Apple Silicon) | [Download .dmg](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Mac-Apple-Silicon.dmg)                                                                                                                                |
| **macOS** (Intel) | [Download .dmg](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Mac-Intel.dmg)                                                                                                                                        |
| **Linux** (x64) | [Download .deb](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Linux.deb) · [Download .AppImage](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases/latest/download/Youwee-Linux.AppImage) (Recommend for auto update) |

> See all releases on the [Releases page](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/releases)

### Build from Source

#### Prerequisites

- [Bun](https://bun.sh/) (v1.3.5 or later)
- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/) (v1.70 or later)
- [Tauri CLI](https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites)

#### Steps

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee.git
cd youwee

# Install dependencies
bun install

# Run in development mode
bun run tauri dev

# Build for production
bun run tauri build
```

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React 19, TypeScript, Tailwind CSS, shadcn/ui
- **Backend**: Rust, Tauri 2.0
- **Downloader**: yt-dlp (bundled)
- **Build**: Bun, Vite

## Contributing

We welcome contributions! Please see our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on:

- Getting started with development
- Commit conventions
- Pull request guidelines

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- [yt-dlp](https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp) - The powerful video downloader
- [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/) - Multimedia framework for audio/video processing
- [Deno](https://deno.com/) - JavaScript runtime for YouTube extraction
- [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) - Build smaller, faster, and more secure desktop apps
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) - Beautiful UI components
- [Lucide Icons](https://lucide.dev/) - Beautiful open-source icons

## Contact

- **GitHub**: [@vanloctech](https://github.com/vanloctech)
- **Issues**: [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/vanloctech/youwee/issues)

---

## Star History

<picture>
  <source
    media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    srcset="
      https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vanloctech/youwee&type=Date&theme=dark
    "
  />
  <source
    media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)"
    srcset="
      https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vanloctech/youwee&type=Date
    "
  />
  <img
    alt="Star History Chart"
    src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vanloctech/youwee&type=Date"
  />
</picture>

<div align="center">
  Made with ❤️ by VietNam
</div>
